[[Quine]] and [[Chomsky]] both want linguistics to be a science, but they disagree on exactly what that means. Chomsky thinks that the meanings of our words are represented in our minds. As humans, we're born with a language acquisition device in the form of universal grammar that allows us basically grow the language that our parents speak just in the way that one grows a visual system when presented with the right stimuli. Language is then an exercise in using words to convey these inner meanings to the person you're talking to.

Quine, on the other hand, argues that Chomsky's picture is not scientific. In two dogmas, he says that "to be is to be the value of a bound variable". In other words, the only things that exist are the things that science says exist. Quine thinks that there is no way to empirically find out what mental states a speaker has in mind since the only evidence available to the linguist is (a) what the speaker says and (b) the empirically describable circumstances that the speaker is in. More specifically, Quine thinks you can't design a test that would distinguish between whether by "rabbit" I mean "rabbit" or "undetached rabbit part" since regardless of which I "really" meant, I would still use the word "rabbit" under all the same circumstances. The radical point for Quine is that he takes this problem to mean that there are no mental representations. In short, science has nothing to say about which mental representation goes with my behavior, therefore mental states have no explanatory power, and therefore don't exist. The meaning of a word is then defined in terms of the circumstances under which I would use the word rather than in terms of my mental representation of the word's meaning.